Indian joker stopped to squat on the street and take a massive purple shit. "But wait...I live in a society," he thought to himself. "I can't just shit on the street like an animal." So he decided to walk a few blocks to take a shit in the river.

Indian joker took a huff of laughing gas to ease his luscious brown anus as he squatted over the river. He thought to himself, "isn't it beautiful?" Just then a husky stranger in a cheap Halloween costume walked by. "Hey, you shouldn't gape your anus in open water! You need to look out for SHARKS! That's what happened to my wife!"

Indian joker was taken aback by this comment coming from the commanding force known as Baby Jokah. Baby Jokah noticed his apprehension. "you look nervous," he said, while he slowly unsheathed his rock hard member from his halloween costume trousers. "You worry too much."

Indian joker gained his composure. "You know what you get when you whip your thick white johnson out to a DAMAGED Indian Joker while he's feeling vulnerable?" Baby Jokah was intrigued. "Exactly what you deserve!" Indian Joker finished unloading his gargantuan feek from his gaping hole, but he did not bother to put his pants back on. He walked slowly onto the shore to meet Baby Jokah.

Baby Jokah was spellbound. All he could think to say was "can you introduce me as your one true love?" Indian Joker took the cue and assumed the position (he squatted down and made the Indian Joker face). Just as soon as the face was complete, Baby Jokah began extruding massive amounts of creamy joker products from his li'l clown. "You wanna know how I dropped this load?! WELL...I'm the JOKAH BABY!"

It was a match made in jokah heaven. Indian Joker slowly wiped his face off with his sleeves. When he was done he pronounced "Isn't it beautiful?" Baby Jokah quickly whipped his flaccid willy back into his dollar tree fake pants as a few civilians walked by. As they looked upon the scene in disgust, both jokers announced "You wouldn't get it!"

